.TH Shell "2025-04-21" "Version 1.0"
.SH NAME
Shell \- computer program implementation

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./Shell

.SH DESCRIPTION
The Shell refers to a type of Command Line Interface, used to interact
with a Unix or Unix-like system. Shell provides a text-based environment
in which users can enter commands to perform specific tasks. The user
gives instructions in text form, which the system interprets and executes.
The Shell can then launch programs, manage files and directories, redirect
command output, or create automation scripts.

Shell command syntax generally follows a standard pattern. However,
variations may occur for very specific commands or advanced options. The
command to be executed is the first element of the line. This may be the
name of the program or function you wish to call.

For some commands, behavioral modifications can be made by adding options.
These are preceded by a dash (- ) or two dashes (-). Information or
arguments can also be added to the command.

.B Interactive mode
The shell displays a prompt and waits for the user to enter commands
manually from keyboard.

.B Non-interactive mode
The shell executes commands automatically from a script, pipe or
redirection, without direct interaction with the user.

.B Built-in commands
The shell handles 
.B exit
, 
.B env 
and 
.B help 
built-in commands.

.SH EXIT STATUS
The shell returns the output status of the last command executed in the
script. When attempting to execute a script, the shell first searches for
the file in the current directory; if it doesn't find it there, it
searches the directories listed in the PATH environment variable. Errors
detected by the shell, such as syntax errors, cause the shell to exit with
a non-zero exit status.

.SH EXAMPLES
.B Example usage:
.nf
simple_shell> ls -l

simple_shell> echo "My Shell is great"

simple_shell> cat shell.h
.fi

.SH NOTES
.BR No bugs known.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR man bash(1), environ(7), getenv(3), getline(3), strtok(3), perror(3), fork(2), execve(2), waitpid(2)

.S AUTHORS
Quentin Lataste
Delphine Coutouly-Laborda
Arnaud Lanoizele
Chris Sodji Aleka

